Hello.
NOTE CONF
I think it's time to start.
Good afternoon.
NOTE CONF
Thank you for coming to the second lecture for cap.
So just before I start, just one admin thing.
NOTE CONF
If you need to have a change of group for
your workshops on the Tuesday, don't email myself, Chris or
NOTE CONF
Lily because this is not something we do and we
don't have the list.
NOTE CONF
Please email the course secretary whose name you will find
on the login page, and she will and she will
NOTE CONF
help you out.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So do it quite quickly because if your clashes then
you can't come to the workshops.
NOTE CONF
And actually I think it's really beneficial that you do.
So as I said in the lecture on Monday.
NOTE CONF
Yeah Monday we carry on talking a little bit about
function and graphs today or actually not talking so much,
NOTE CONF
but more kind of looking at exercises.
Hopefully you have read the chapter of the book.
NOTE CONF
The parts of the first chapter of the book that
you had to read for today.
NOTE CONF
But we will also see something about Trig expressions and
we'll see something about logarithms.
NOTE CONF
So it's a little bit like a mixed bag today.
Before we start, I just wanted to talk about domain
NOTE CONF
and range for one more minute, because I noticed in
the workshop when I was tutoring on on Tuesday, that
NOTE CONF
there was a little bit of confusion regarding this.
So the first thing I want to say is that
NOTE CONF
we don't really have a standard way to calculate the
domain of a function.
NOTE CONF
So there is no a procedure that you can apply,
right?
NOTE CONF
When we want to calculate the domain of the function,
the only thing that we can do is to look
NOTE CONF
at the function and try to understand when this is
not defined.
NOTE CONF
And that's really the only thing that we can do
that is not like I do this and then I
NOTE CONF
do that and then I apply that.
There are very straightforward cases that we know when it
NOTE CONF
is square root.
We need to worry about whether what's under the square
NOTE CONF
root is positive.
When you have a denominator, you need to worry about
NOTE CONF
the denominator.
If you have a step function, then you need to
NOTE CONF
worry a little bit about how the step function defined.
In the example that I have up on the board.
NOTE CONF
Obviously this thing is only defined between minus infinity and
seven and ten and plus infinity.
NOTE CONF
So that would be the range.
But I could have had a more complicated function in
NOTE CONF
the definition of each one of the steps.
And if that had been the case then you would
NOTE CONF
have to worry also.
When is that defined?
NOTE CONF
Okay, so for a ray, this is why I think
it's really a good idea to try to acquire some
NOTE CONF
familiarity and understanding what the functions I'm dealing with look
like.
NOTE CONF
So what type of function this is?
How do these families of function behave for the range?
NOTE CONF
We have a little bit more of a procedure.
So the range we calculate by looking at where.
NOTE CONF
In a way where in the domain of the function
I can find a y, right?
NOTE CONF
The way in which we think about is, at least
the way I think about it, is that if my
NOTE CONF
function is given by y equal f of x, which
is usually what we have, then I want to find
NOTE CONF
where there exists an x from which a y comes.
So I want to revert if you like my process.
NOTE CONF
Instead of having something y equals f of x, I
want to have something x equal g of y.
NOTE CONF
And we know how to do this.
A kind of fairly simple algebraic manipulation which consists in
NOTE CONF
taking out the term x, and the place where that
g of is defined would be the range.
NOTE CONF
Now think about it.
If you think about the most simple quadratic function that
NOTE CONF
we know, which is the parabola.
Um, talk.
NOTE CONF
So if you think about this function, this is.
Y equals x squared okay.
NOTE CONF
What is the domain of this function.
I've given all the real numbers.
NOTE CONF
Do we agree that the domain of this function is
all the real numbers?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
There's no reason why I could not stick any real
NOTE CONF
number in that function and get something out.
Great.
NOTE CONF
What is the range?
And.
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Aha.
NOTE CONF
Why?
X squared.
NOTE CONF
Negative.
Exactly.
NOTE CONF
So when I apply that way of thinking, I want
to reverse this in something that looks like x equal.
NOTE CONF
Right.
And so this will be plus or minus square root
NOTE CONF
of y.
And this is obviously undefined when y is positive.
NOTE CONF
So you can see that the range is not the
domain.
NOTE CONF
And this process is quite easy with an easy function
like this is a marginally more laborious for a, not
NOTE CONF
for a more laborious function.
But it is possible.
NOTE CONF
And this is the way we do it.
So it's a little bit of a more kind of
NOTE CONF
organised approach to this.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So before too long let's start.
With our first question.
NOTE CONF
So we have seen in the worksheet on Tuesday that
we are starting playing with trigonometric trigonometric relationships.
NOTE CONF
So this is my question today.
For now I will give you three minutes.
NOTE CONF
Maybe if I find my watch.
Have a look.
NOTE CONF
If you can't quite see on the green of the
blue club.
NOTE CONF
This is reproduced in the slide, is the question.
So.
NOTE CONF
Oh my God.
Oh, no!
NOTE CONF
Oh!
No!
NOTE CONF
Yes.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So we take a look at this.
So I think again we have quite a clear winner,
NOTE CONF
which is indeed the correct solution.
Does anybody know that?
NOTE CONF
So is there anybody that wants to tell me what
they used to find?
NOTE CONF
The second solution.
What?
NOTE CONF
Equality.
What trigonometric relationship did you use?
NOTE CONF
Anybody wants to volunteer?
Yep.
NOTE CONF
Cos that is equal to one.
Minus sine squared.
NOTE CONF
Absolutely.
That's.
NOTE CONF
So my rule of thumb with trigonometric expressions is that
when I need to change something, if in doubt try
NOTE CONF
to use sine squared x plus cos square x is
equal to one.
NOTE CONF
Because that usually takes us a long way.
It doesn't take us all the way in a lot
NOTE CONF
of the cases, but it takes us a long way.
So how do I go around thinking about the, um,
NOTE CONF
how to solve this problem?
Because to try to do the manipulations is not quite
NOTE CONF
enough, because you have you are giving me the, um,
like the relationship in terms to cos.
NOTE CONF
And of course, because it's a square, there is a
plus or minus before it.
NOTE CONF
And so we need to know which, which part we
need to use.
NOTE CONF
And in order to do this we need to see
where sine and cosine when the sine minus one is
NOTE CONF
defined and what is positive and what is negative.
So these are the two things we need to use.
NOTE CONF
Obviously tan x is sine x over cos x.
And that's the other relationship that you mentioned.
NOTE CONF
This was the very straightforward thing.
I have an expression in tan.
NOTE CONF
So I try to take it in sine and cosine.
So then I need to think a little bit about
NOTE CONF
okay, I want to use that course.
Do I need to take the positive part or do
NOTE CONF
I need to take the negative part?
In order to do this, I need to think about
NOTE CONF
sign minus one.
Can you see that picture?
NOTE CONF
Maybe so.
Sign minus one is defined in minus pi over two.
NOTE CONF
Pi over two.
Forex between -1 and 1.
NOTE CONF
Right.
And the is positive for x in minus pi two
NOTE CONF
over two.
So we need to take the positive part right.
NOTE CONF
So we can't just decide that we need to kind
of have a little bit of a think about where
NOTE CONF
this sign minus x, that sign minus one x that
I want to to talk about.
NOTE CONF
And then.
We can write that expression for cosine minus x.
NOTE CONF
And we then put it in my original expression and
we obtain the solution.
NOTE CONF
So my um the thing that you want to think
about when you do exercises of this type is that
NOTE CONF
the moment you use the sine squared x plus cos
square x is equal to one.
NOTE CONF
Unless you use it using the square, the square of
the Trig function, which is fine.
NOTE CONF
Sometimes we will use it that way.
You need to think about sine okay.
NOTE CONF
And you need to reason about the function that you're
looking at.
NOTE CONF
So in this case this is what um the solution
that we obtain.
NOTE CONF
So B is correct.
So excellent.
NOTE CONF
Are there any questions.
I'm not going to ask all the time.
NOTE CONF
So if you have a question just ask.
Just take your hands up and ask okay.
NOTE CONF
What do we want to do next.
Let's have a look.
NOTE CONF
Oops.
So this is a okay.
NOTE CONF
That was quick.
Come.
NOTE CONF
Oh.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
I think we can stop here.
I think that there is an overwhelming answer.
NOTE CONF
So anybody that wants to tell me how they found
out.
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Yes.
NOTE CONF
Um, which is also to say that if you compose
the two functions from the right and then from the
NOTE CONF
left, you need to obtain the same function.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Generally, when we have inverse of a function type exercises
of this sort, we do the composition on one way,
NOTE CONF
the composition on the other way.
If I get, because we have seen last week that
NOTE CONF
the composition of function is not commutative like the product
of real numbers, for example.
NOTE CONF
So if I get the same results, then they are
one, the inverse of the other and the working out
NOTE CONF
is here.
In fact, again, if you just wanted to sketch the
NOTE CONF
two functions, you could have seen this from the graph
as well.
NOTE CONF
This is why I said it's really important to try
to have an idea of how functions work, and how
NOTE CONF
I can sketch them on the real numbers.
There were quite a bit of exercises on the worksheet
NOTE CONF
for the week about sketching graphs.
At the moment we are doing it with a little
NOTE CONF
bit of intuition.
Later on in the course we will talk about limits.
NOTE CONF
We will talk about asymptotes.
We will talk about derivatives which allow us to to
NOTE CONF
find maximum, minimum and so on.
But for now we just use a little bit of
NOTE CONF
intuition in our work.
In this case it was very easy because I have
NOTE CONF
two straight lines so I can plot those.
And if you do the composition you get.
NOTE CONF
You get that?
The other thing that you should have checked, and I
NOTE CONF
just assume that you know this because, you know, this
stuff is that the functions have inverse.
NOTE CONF
We have also seen, I think, last week, the not
all functions of an inverse.
NOTE CONF
In this case they do write linear functions.
They do so before we just this is just to
NOTE CONF
say that before we go into the like straightforward algebraic
manipulation, we really need to think a little bit about
NOTE CONF
what you are doing, the functions you are dealing with,
and whether certain things exist and whether I can do
NOTE CONF
certain things.
Okay, so this was easy.
NOTE CONF
Let's see another one.
Oh, my.
NOTE CONF
God.
Wow.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
That's excellent.
NOTE CONF
100% response.
Can somebody who bought it.
NOTE CONF
Tell me what they did?
How did you find the solution?
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Come on.
NOTE CONF
By the inverse function of log base two log logarithmic
functions.
NOTE CONF
1 to 1.
And then apply the inverse constant.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Wait.
NOTE CONF
This is complicated.
Can you say it in here?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
So because.
NOTE CONF
Because log base two is a 1 to 1 function,
uh, you can apply the inverse, um, raise two to
NOTE CONF
the power of both sides.
Um, and then similarly you can apply the inverse to
NOTE CONF
the function x plus four because that's 1 to 1
by subtracting four from both sides.
NOTE CONF
And that gives you x equals four.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So this is one way of doing another way of
doing it.
NOTE CONF
Yes.
Good.
NOTE CONF
By the way one more way of doing this.
What could we have done.
NOTE CONF
I think I can think at least one more way.
Later.
NOTE CONF
Who wants to tell me another way of doing of
doing this?
NOTE CONF
No, because it's the two functions, right.
So we could sketch the log function.
NOTE CONF
The function.
The constant function equal to three.
NOTE CONF
Where these two functions intersect is the answer to our
questions.
NOTE CONF
So if I wanted to recap what am I doing?
So we can do exactly what your colleague said.
NOTE CONF
So we can use logarithm properties and just unpack this
function in this way.
NOTE CONF
Or we can draw the graph.
I mean we can draw the log graph.
NOTE CONF
I think it's fairly easy to do.
X equal three is a straight line parallel to the
NOTE CONF
x axis that cuts the y axis at the point
three.
NOTE CONF
And where this intersect is the solution.
This is something which is important to remember, right?
NOTE CONF
When we talk about solution of equation we have this
equation equal to this other equation.
NOTE CONF
We have a lot of algebraic ways of of dealing
with this by taking stuff from one side or applying
NOTE CONF
logarithm or whatever.
But what that means is that you are looking for
NOTE CONF
the points of intersections of these two curves.
And this is something which is useful to remember because
NOTE CONF
when you don't really quite know what to do, then
maybe you can sketch a graph, and then you can
NOTE CONF
get an idea of how to go around with things.
In this case, it was really pretty, pretty easy.
NOTE CONF
As I said, the log function is really not very
difficult to to sketch, and that's just a constant function.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Let's see whether I can give you a more difficult
NOTE CONF
one.
For you to.
NOTE CONF
Oh.
Hi.
NOTE CONF
I'm.
That's.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
So what do I need to know in order to
NOTE CONF
be able to solve questions of this type?
So what do I what are the things I use?
NOTE CONF
What do we think?
Come on.
NOTE CONF
I need to remember the log rules.
This is really the only thing I need to know.
NOTE CONF
So I need to remember the sum, the products, the
quotient of logarithms, and what else in this?
NOTE CONF
In this case, what is the other slightly tricky issue
here?
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
There's a change of base because the two logarithm on
the right hand side are natural logarithm.
NOTE CONF
This means a logarithm to the base e, whilst the
other logarithm is in base seven.
NOTE CONF
How many of you remembered all the log rules before
they read the book for today?
NOTE CONF
Show of hands.
Well that's interesting.
NOTE CONF
I'm not going to put my hand up because I
did not remember them, but it's something that actually is
NOTE CONF
really kind of very useful to have when we do
exercise of this sort.
NOTE CONF
So I know that it's a bit boring to try
to remember this formula, but we need them.
NOTE CONF
So go in the book and look at the map.
Or we can look at them here as well.
NOTE CONF
So how do I solve that problem?
I need to remember how to do the change of
NOTE CONF
base.
So the first thing that I need to think about
NOTE CONF
is that before I can calculate anything like this, everything
needs to be in the same base.
NOTE CONF
So what I'm trying to do there, I'm trying to
bring anything to the base E and then I can,
NOTE CONF
um, I can solve my, my problem.
What are the formula for the logarithm that we really
NOTE CONF
want to remember?
I have put them up here.
NOTE CONF
They are all in your book.
So generally, um, what we, what we want to know
NOTE CONF
is the logarithm of the product or the quotient or
the power, and also of the change of base.
NOTE CONF
So make sure that you remember this formula that you
know how to use them.
NOTE CONF
Make sure that when you solve problems involving logarithms Rhythms.
All your kind of things are in order.
NOTE CONF
The bases are all the same.
And you're not doing, like, not allowed.
NOTE CONF
Um, operations.
Also, remember the, um, the, uh, sketch of the logarithm
NOTE CONF
function?
That could be very, very useful.
NOTE CONF
You mentioned the logarithm function is 1 to 1, which
is true.
NOTE CONF
So that's also something which is useful to remember okay.
This means that the logarithm function is both injective and
NOTE CONF
subjective.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Let's see next one.
Oh!
NOTE CONF
My.
God!
NOTE CONF
Oh!
My.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
Excuse me.
NOTE CONF
Yes.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
It's not the same for GPS.
Uh, they are not saying because she is only x.
NOTE CONF
Here is x minus one.
Oh, gosh.
NOTE CONF
Yes.
Sorry, guys.
NOTE CONF
There is a typo in my slides.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
All of them.
Before.
NOTE CONF
Before I post them online of course the g should
be g x equal to one.
NOTE CONF
Thanks.
Right.
NOTE CONF
Sorry I can't even copy the text of a question.
So how many of you have.
NOTE CONF
Um.
Well, okay.
NOTE CONF
What do we think is false?
Yep.
NOTE CONF
F of x x can be equal to one.
I know, but I can unpack the product and then
NOTE CONF
I can simplify.
To one.
NOTE CONF
Right.
Yeah exactly.
NOTE CONF
So if you say well this question these functions are
the same because I can unpack that product that that
NOTE CONF
numerator that is x x minus one.
And I said then I can divide by x minus
NOTE CONF
one.
And then they are the same.
NOTE CONF
And then you can say to this person well actually
you can only do that when x is not one
NOTE CONF
right.
So you can do it but you can't do it.
NOTE CONF
You cannot do it always.
So if I really, really want it to be picky,
NOTE CONF
I would say that these are always the same.
But in that one point, well, one is not defined.
NOTE CONF
So be very careful when you do all these algebraic
manipulations.
NOTE CONF
Right.
Because behind a lot of the algebraic manipulation there are
NOTE CONF
things that we need to find out.
In this case the idea is that this function cannot
NOTE CONF
be the same because they don't have the same domain,
right?
NOTE CONF
They have nearly the same domain, but for one point,
and therefore they're not the same.
NOTE CONF
So think about the fact that the function is not
just the algebraic expression, but the function is the algebraic
NOTE CONF
expression, the domain and the range.
And so if I wanted to.
NOTE CONF
To look at this I will say it's this way.
So the the operation I can I can divide cannot
NOTE CONF
happen always.
So watch out for this right.
NOTE CONF
Also watch out for this when you simplify algebraic expression
which are functions.
NOTE CONF
Okay let's do let's do next one.
What.
NOTE CONF
Do you remember about even an odd functions.
Yes.
NOTE CONF
Thank you.
All right.
NOTE CONF
I'm sorry to answer your.
Question.
NOTE CONF
What's.
The first thing.
NOTE CONF
You.
Okay, so all the information, who can give me a
NOTE CONF
definition of a nod function?
When do I say that the function is odd?
NOTE CONF
Do you remember?
When is the function odd?
NOTE CONF
No volunteers.
If there is no volunteers, I'm going to have to
NOTE CONF
ask you again.
What is functional for all?
NOTE CONF
I guess for all x on the domain f of
minus x equals minus f of x.
NOTE CONF
Exactly.
So we talk about all the given functions.
NOTE CONF
This is the definition of odd functions in a minute
in.
NOTE CONF
On the slides we will also see the definition of
an even function.
NOTE CONF
And the definition of an odd function is that a
function of at or default is if for every x
NOTE CONF
in the domain, the function is not defined outside the
domain, so I don't really care.
NOTE CONF
Well, nothing happens outside the domain because the function is
not there.
NOTE CONF
So when you write these things, you need to write
them properly.
NOTE CONF
So don't just write for me for every x.
This happens because it's only for every x in the
NOTE CONF
domain.
Because if the domain doesn't happen to be the order
NOTE CONF
of the real numbers, the function doesn't exist.
And so I cannot say what happens.
NOTE CONF
So when you write this stuff, write it properly.
So we say that for every x in the domain
NOTE CONF
I need to find that f of minus x is
equal to minus f of x.
NOTE CONF
Does it happen here?
Yeah it does.
NOTE CONF
And we can say.
Right.
NOTE CONF
So this function is odd.
Who can give me a definition of an even function.
NOTE CONF
Well when a function is even.
Yep.
NOTE CONF
Even function.
Is when um f of negative x is equal to
NOTE CONF
f of.
X.
NOTE CONF
Excellent.
So an even function is when f of minus x
NOTE CONF
is equal to f of x.
Can anybody give me an example of an even function
NOTE CONF
from the top of the head x squared?
Exactly.
NOTE CONF
So because for an even function I want to see
that f of x is equal to f of minus
NOTE CONF
x.
Let me just bring up my slides.
NOTE CONF
Then the obvious thing to think about is a function
that has got only even exponents for the for the
NOTE CONF
unknown.
Okay, in this case I've got a cubic, I've got
NOTE CONF
the sorry parabola, but I could have had x to
the four plus x squared -72 and that would have
NOTE CONF
been the same.
And in this case this is my graph of an
NOTE CONF
even function.
So I think we've got one more question to go
NOTE CONF
for today which is quite different in type.
So no more functions on graphs.
NOTE CONF
This course is called calculus and its applications.
So there you.
NOTE CONF
Are.
So.
NOTE CONF
1.5.
So I'm going to give you five minutes to do
NOTE CONF
this.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So.
One.
NOTE CONF
How?
Do we assume.
NOTE CONF
That leap years aren't a thing?
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Forget the boatlift years.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
This is an interesting question.
I've just been asked.
NOTE CONF
I would just say forget about leap years.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So let's do a bit of mathematical modelling, and let's
assume that all years have the same number of days.
NOTE CONF
After five years.
Which one?
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
So when I log into, can I take a look
NOTE CONF
at that?
Okay.
NOTE CONF
Come on.
We have a few more boats in, and then we'll
NOTE CONF
talk about this.
There is still.
NOTE CONF
66 people that are logged in but haven't bought it.
So come on, a few more boats and then we
NOTE CONF
have a little bit of a of a conversation about
what is that we are doing with this question.
NOTE CONF
Getting worse.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So I think.
I think that that is as much as I can
NOTE CONF
get people to vote.
So somebody that voted.
NOTE CONF
So okay, first of all, I can see that there
are two solutions which have been voted.
NOTE CONF
Don't get influenced by everybody else, both.
If you think it's something else, just vote for something
NOTE CONF
else.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
This is also a kind of a learning curve.
But having said that, obviously the most voted solution is
NOTE CONF
the right one.
And then we are also going to go and see
NOTE CONF
why the the other one is not right.
So who wants to tell me how they found the
NOTE CONF
solution.
What kind of stuff they used.
NOTE CONF
I'm looking at the back.
No.
NOTE CONF
I mean.
I don't know.
NOTE CONF
It's just like the power is like the number of.
You you have to say to you.
NOTE CONF
Okay.
Sorry.
NOTE CONF
Because there are loads of us in here.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
Hello?
Okay.
NOTE CONF
The power is like the number of days that the
interest is applied for.
NOTE CONF
And then in the bracket is like, uh, so you've
got the 3000, and then you times that by the
NOTE CONF
amount of interest, I don't know.
I'm not sure how to like, describe it, but it's
NOTE CONF
like, that's like the money gained and then you like
times it by the amount of days.
NOTE CONF
Kinda.
I'm not sure how to explain that.
NOTE CONF
No.
That's cool.
NOTE CONF
No, that's a good explanation.
I have one more question for somebody else.
NOTE CONF
So why do I have an exponent with the number
of days?
NOTE CONF
Yep.
Yeah, I can organise.
NOTE CONF
I can say.
It's compound interest.
NOTE CONF
So it's like exponential.
Yeah it's discrete.
NOTE CONF
Right.
Because the interest is calculated at one point each day.
NOTE CONF
And this is why you have the number of days.
So let's have a like a written down solution of
NOTE CONF
this problem.
Thank you.
NOTE CONF
That was great.
Yeah.
NOTE CONF
So there we are.
This is the formula that I need to use to
NOTE CONF
calculate compound interest.
And in this formula which is the same one which
NOTE CONF
is in your book somewhere, which I don't remember in
the, in the chapter I have this value.
NOTE CONF
So a is the value of the Of the investment
after the time.
NOTE CONF
So this is what I want to calculate, right?
To have a sum of money I invested under certain
NOTE CONF
condition.
I want to find out how much capital do I
NOTE CONF
have after a certain period of time.
P is the initial capital that is invested.
NOTE CONF
In our case it was 3,000 and then I have
one.
NOTE CONF
Plus R is the interest rate and is the time
unit.
NOTE CONF
In our case we want to calculate over a year.
So I have 365 days in the year.
NOTE CONF
Forget about leap year.
We have done just some mathematical modelling here okay.
NOTE CONF
And then t is the time after which I want
to know the value of the investment.
NOTE CONF
So in this case I have 3,000.
I invest in them with the interest of 5%.
NOTE CONF
I get this every year.
I want to know how much.
NOTE CONF
So it's a question of calculating this formula for the
data that we are that we have the thing which
NOTE CONF
was interesting and we had to think about, or at
least what I did this exercise I had to think
NOTE CONF
about for a moment is why I'm not using the
last formula.
NOTE CONF
So the the A and the C are kind of
red herrings.
NOTE CONF
So they're just there.
But the last one is a proper formula.
NOTE CONF
The last one is the formula to give compound interest
to.
NOTE CONF
Yeah.
To calculate this.
NOTE CONF
A equal p e to the RT.
And this is only given if the interesting compound it
NOTE CONF
continuously.
So this is the difference between calculating the interest at
NOTE CONF
each day and calculating the interest continuously.
And the trick of if you like of the of
NOTE CONF
the question.
Not the trick, but the thing that maybe we had
NOTE CONF
to think about for one moment was to try and
understand whether this was an interest calculated continuously, or were
NOTE CONF
interest calculating discreetly.
So every every week, every year.
NOTE CONF
Every day.
Okay.
NOTE CONF
So I think that this is all what I have
for you today.
NOTE CONF
I can only encourage you.
Please come to the workshops on Tuesday.
NOTE CONF